thank you to twitch for sponsoring
today's video unless you've been living
under a rock for a very long time twitch
is a live streaming interactive platform
where you can get a deeper experience
with all the games that you love and
enjoy playing as well as of course
watching you can connect with other
creators like-minded players and just
people that you want that awesome sense
of community with you can see all types
of streamers on Twitch maybe you're like
me and you always want to get better at
League of Legends and see how you can
improve and no other place has more high
ranked and high elo players than twitch
you can tune into any Grandmaster or
challenger stream and learn so much from
seeing how they play with the new League
of Legend season just starting in the
last couple of days there's no better
time than right now to start learning
how to improve and watch streamers on
Twitch right now there are a lot of fun
and exciting things happening with
streamers a bunch of League streamers
are trying out other roles and it really
helps put into perspective how we can
all improve how we can all get better in
even seeing challenger players kind of
struggle and lower brackets on their off
role can really put into perspective how
much better we can all do with practice
if you're looking for a new type of
entertaining stream on Twitch check out
Tyler won playing jungle chase Shaco
forced within in tarzan learning ADC
watch all of these guys play their off
role because it's not only extremely
funny but very interesting to see too if
you weren't already convinced now you
should be so go check out twitch TV
League of Legends streams using the link
in the description down below that I
have linked and one more time thank you
very much for the sponsor in the last
video we took a look at League of
Legends all-time greatest player faker
you would be in the vocal majority by
saying that faker is the best we've ever
seen and rightfully so he has earned
that title faker is a multi time world
champion and MSI champion he's won
multiple esports awards he's an
innovator of many different mid lane
strategies faker is well-liked he's a
respectable pro he's world-class and
everybody knows it but nobody else is
better than him
right probably not however there is a
group of League of Legends players that
might disagree not that they think faker
isn't the best that we've seen at the
professional level but rather there is a
solo queue player who is the better
player Abdo apto is thought by some to
be the best League of Legends player of
all time despite never competing in a
proper tournament despite not winning or
playing in a professional league despite
never winning a world championship MSI
or anything at a professional 5v5 level
for apto or dopa to be thought of that
highly while essentially only ever
playing from the comfort of his own home
and in his own chair there must be some
pretty unbelievable stories about him
today we're going to take a look at the
craziest stories of all time from apto
and understand why some would say that
he's the greatest of all time
[Music]
a pretty big misconception about apto is
that he simply chose to not go pro
because he was lazy or hated other Pro
players or was simply jealous because no
teams wanted to sign him to clarify why
apto never went professional we need to
travel back a few years he first came
onto the Korean Challenger scene around
2012 and 2013 and at the time Korean
pros were not paid very well remember
league was still a very new game to the
Koreans and in general across the world
which meant that pros were looking at
around a minimum wage salary at best
maybe only slightly better in Korea
their server was not launched until
years after the western ones so the
scene was still slightly behind for that
reason but regardless the money just
wasn't there while looking back at 2012
sure given how successful league of
Legends is now Abdo maybe should have
gone pro who knows if he would have or
could have been faker a multi time world
champion someone who will go down as one
of the best ever but hindsight is always
2020 although south koreans have
dominated the esports market the country
does take eSports just as seriously as
us Westerners do take our football for
apto the choice just didn't make sense
at the time he was still in college he
wants alleged that he was able to fully
pay off his college tuition with the
money that he made not by being a pro
but by doing something else which was
elope oosting no one in their right mind
would condone the actions of boosting
nor would I ever say that it is a good
thing
certainly ela boosting is not good for
this game however more often than not in
2020 players have sort of accepted that
this is going to happen it's been
happening for a very long time and riot
really has no way of stopping it while
this is completely against the rules of
the game and both the booster and the
account that was boosted do run the risk
of being banned the money if you were a
good enough player was unmatched for
apto well he was the best booster period
he could climb to challenger the fastest
with the best win rates he was the best
player in the best soloqueue region and
nobody else could match his
skills even though he had stated
multiple times that the money was too
good for boosting to go pro he did
eventually realize that his skills were
not being tested after was so good that
despite running a boosting service he
was still able to compete at rank one
challenger anytime that he wanted he was
just that good he would play on Smurfs
rank them up and sell them and then
other players might take his rank one
spot during that time but he would jump
back on his main account and climb right
back to rank one the other reason that
he never went pro other than money was
actually one that was out of his control
which was conscription South Korea still
has mandatory military service for males
ages 20 to 31 it is expected that all
males join and do a certain amount of
time however this can be postponed the
wiki page about South Korea's military
is a little bit incomplete but there is
an interview with Abdo where he does
mention the military multiple times back
in 2013 he had an official farewell
stream before he would join the military
but then he came back three days later
because apparently his service was
postponed he thought he would have to
serve on many different occasions even
if he wanted to go pro he of course
wouldn't be able to but as far as I know
through my research he never actually
went because of this Abdo would then try
to compete on team dark who was a group
of his friends and even had another
challenger eloah booster they would play
in some online tournaments and nearly
qualified for a GN Korea finally octo
was going to take the Korean league by
storm but as many of you might know this
story doesn't have a good ending for
abdomen allegedly a female fan of his
asked for a boost and purchased his
boosting service this was a girl that
was known for having some relationships
with other pros according to him she
wanted to have a romantic relationship
with him but he ignored her she would
then make a post to inven which is
thought to be around the Korean
equivalent of our reddit and would be
seen by thousands of people she also
would directly contact riot Korea and
told them to in
to get him for his boosting service and
look into his in-game behavior on top of
boosting accounts he was incredibly
toxic and would often troll or
intentionally lose games simply because
he didn't like certain people this would
give ride Korea enough information to
finally take him down and right before
he was set and ready to turn pro riot
Korea would ban him from playing
competitively for two years and they
would take away his main account apto
and ban it for 1,000 years at first just
taking away his apto account for a
thousand years doesn't seem like that
big of a deal because you can just get a
different account but this is a bigger
deal than you might think because things
work differently in Korea all Korean
players get accounts by linking their
social security number and their phone
number in order to create an account in
play League of Legends on the Korean
server this is something that you must
do this means that apto is technically
able to play in korea but it is
quote-unquote illegal for him to do that
he must get the help of someone else and
never reveal his identity
if riot ever finds out that he is the
one playing the account they will ban it
instantly because of this app Doe has
said on record that he would pay them a
large sum of money upwards of a hundred
thousand dollars to unban him but to
this day he is still banned part of what
makes him such an insane player is that
in spite of these massive uphill battles
with the constant threat of being banned
and shut down he has still managed to
hit Rank 1 plenty of times ever since
his ban the crazy part is that in every
single season he is pretty much able to
hit Rank 1 Korea nobody dominates the
ladder like this and nobody has been
this consistently good for this long in
soloqueue but the best part is this is
not the only server that he's reached
the top
Abdo has two awesome stories with China
firstly what's going on in this epic
picture
what's with the plate of money and why
is he wearing a suit Abdo would go to
China in order to compete in a solo
queue challenge the winner would be paid
500,000 won the equivalent of eighty
thousand dollars the goal to reach Rank
1 on the China server it had to be done
in a specific amount of time though his
climb would look like this
he began streaming on September 9th and
then two weeks later he was able to hit
master tier over the next 7 days he
would eventually reach Rank 1 Challenger
right around 1300 LP he had done exactly
what he set out to do in just a few
weeks but how about reaching Rank 1 on
not just a normal server but what about
what was dubbed the super Chinese server
for the last few years there's been this
Chinese server that is very exclusive
where in order to play on it you must be
high diamond or above in another server
this really filters out the competition
making it so that you know you're going
to be playing with people who are only
in high elo as you can imagine this
server was ridiculously competitive and
trying to climb even one win at a time
was really tough but for apto it was
just another day on the job I came out
with a new server called like it's like
the super server it's pretty much you
have to be diamond 1 and above on other
servers to actually get an account on
the server and then so you just make
sure that the servers really good
players you straight away high elo
playing with good players rather than
doing from the load to the high e low
grind so as you can see here's 1.5 klp
just let that sink in like it's when you
look over to other servers most players
1.2 1.3 klp from rank 1 apto has
actually had to hit 1.5 klp to overpass
Rank 2
as with anyone who is a cut above the
competition a little bit of burnout will
be possible for apt oh one of his more
famous interviews after hitting Rank 1
Korea came with a few surprising lines
back in 2017 pub G was the new hit game
that everyone loved his love for the new
popular game was taking a pretty big hit
for the League of Legends focused brain
that he has the crazy part of the story
is that apto was able to hold Rank 1
Korea play League of Legends full time
and still be very competitive at pub G
his league account pub gosu held Rank 1
for a very long time while he would
openly admit that he was completely
addicted to playing pub G he would
constantly talk about how he wanted to
get better at League of Legends that way
his challenger games at Rank 1 would go
quicker that way he could go play pub
G's sooner and after hitting Rank 1 he
would think to himself ah what a relief
I can finally go play pub G when looking
at a world-class player like the shy he
is one of if not the best top laners in
the world he dominates top lane he
controls and manages his Lane better
than anyone and for top lane champion
pools it feels like that anything he can
play is going to be world-class for
professionals they are going to be gods
at their role it is not really expected
for someone to be able to play more than
one role at this high level of
competition faker is the best player in
the world but no criticism and faker
includes the fact that he can only play
mid lane god forbid it has never been in
t1 strategy to just randomly throw faker
on support one game but if Abdo was a
pro he may have been able to do that
basic thing about though is he can play
practically every single role in the
game and be good enough to get accounts
super high up in challenger now that's
not even the case of a faker
in general faker is God at mid lane
obviously he's the best player of all
time but beyond mid lane yeah he plays
jungle pretty well yes yes like a couple
of all the roles he can play up there
can play essentially every role that's
how fantastic is and in fact famously he
is known as a middle and he's known as a
god-like mid line uppity for his TF rise
at Sarah but
actually this is a guy where he is
unbelievable at jungle as well if you
watch him play right it's so clear his
understanding of the game is very unique
his fundamental understanding of this
game is nearly unmatched who else do you
know that can essentially hold hai
Korean Challenger playing jungle mid top
support and ADC opto considers himself
the best player in the world right along
with faker he has said multiple times
that faker is the best because he
invented so many mid lane techniques
that he's able to learn from and then
copy like where'd award how'd award and
what items to buy also he says that
faker is the best player because he's
the only one that is able to match him
in lane and actually Lane against him
essentially he considers the faker
matchup a 50/50 between him and faker
because it's going to be a coin flip
Aptos says he's confident but not cocky
because a truly great player will
understand just how good he is
because skill is always relative but one
thing that is extremely interesting that
I want to leave off to end this video
that might be a bit of an open-ended
discussion is why does Aptos say that he
was just born this way and that some
people have it and others don't
you may know my thoughts on talent
versus hardwork in the video that I did
with boo COC who is a 15 year old
Challenger player we talked about hard
work versus natural-born skill I believe
the equation to be somewhere near the
8020 or even 9 to 10 mark meaning that
the natural talent that you're born with
makes around 10 to 20 percent of your
skill and the rest of the 80 or 90
percent is how hard you work and how
much you practice boo Co agreed with me
and many other athletes would as well
Ray Allen has a famous quote when it
comes to hard work not wanting you to be
told that he has god-given talent
because it undermines the work that he
puts in Abdo is one of the rare cases
that says that he believes he was mostly
born with this level of talent so why
does Abdo say this despite many other
athletes and players at the top of their
field just like him but say don't
disrespect my hard work and they don't
say that I was just born this way if you
think about it maybe it's just a way of
explaining it maybe it's a really tough
thing to understand how and why he's
just this good
when you're the best player in a game of
more than a hundred million players and
you're number one how do you quantify
that number this isn't just being the
best League of Legends player of your
friend group the best League of Legends
player in your neighborhood in your
state in your city in your County in
your country this is not just being top
1% this is not just hitting challenger
one time and then never doing it again
this is being consistently ranked number
one out of more than a hundred million
people and the most popular video game
of all time he is the best that can be
very hard to grasp how that must make
him feel and how that shapes his
thoughts around being as good as he is
for apt oh he'll live on forever in
League of Legends lore as long as the
game is still around people will be
talking about him I just hope that one
day he does go pro I hope we have a way
of seeing what he's able to do but at
this point he probably won't
this isn't season 3 anymore and now he's
getting a little bit older which is
disappointing that we never got to see
just how good he could really be at the
competitive stage but still he's
developed a name for himself that will
last forever despite never setting a
foot into the competitive scene which if
you ask me is still insane in its own
right
[Music]
you